`firewall_policy_resource` - support for the `private_ranges` and `allow_sql_redirect`  properties (#17842)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/firewall_policy.html.markdown

* `tls_certificate` - (Optional) A `tls_certificate` block as defined below.

> * `allow_sql_redirect` - (Optional) Whether SQL Redirect traffic filtering is enabled. Turning on the flag requires no rule using port 11000-11999.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sql_redirect_allowed` - (Optional) Whether SQL Redirect traffic filtering is allowed. Turning on the flag requires no rule using port 11000-11999.
```

or does it enable it and should be
```suggestion
* `sql_redirect_enabled` - (Optional) Whether SQL Redirect traffic filtering is enabled. Turning on the flag requires no rule using port 11000-11999.
```

> * `sql_redirect_allowed` - (Optional) Whether SQL Redirect traffic filtering is allowed. Turning on the flag requires no rule using port 11000-11999.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sql_redirect_allowed` - (Optional) Whether SQL Redirect traffic filtering is allowed. Enabling this flag requires no rule using ports between `11000`-`11999`.
```
